Bug #1:	Smithy card draws 4 cards instead of 3
How I found this bug:	Both of my cardtest1.c and randomtestcard1.c codes test the Smithy card function. In the test cases where the current player has no less than 4 cards in the deck and discard pile combined, two tests always fail: “Num of Hand cards increases by 2 (after discard)” and “Draw deck decreases by 3”. By carefully inspecting the number of cards displayed after the two tests, I’ve found that 1 more card has been drawn.
How to reproduce the bug:	Initialize the game state and make sure that the current player has no less than 4 cards in the draw deck and discard pile combined when playing the Smithy card. (See case #2 in cardtest1.c as an example.) Count the number of cards drawn into the hand the the number of cards removed from the draw deck and discard pile combined. The result will show that 4 cards, instead of the correct 3, have been drawn into the hand.
Cause of the bug:	On line 785 of domonion.c, the loop that draws the card clearly runs four times instead of three.

Bug #2:	Village card adds 4 more actions instead of 2
How I found this bug:	Both of my cardtest3.c and randomtestcard2.c codes test the Village card function. In ALL the test cases, the “numActions +2” test always fails without exception. The displayed result also clearly shows that the number of actions has increased by 4 instead of 2.
How to reproduce the bug:	Initialize the game state and play the Village card. (See cardtest3.c as an example.) Read the values of numActions from the game state immediately prior to and after the Village card is played. The result will show that it has increased by 4, instead of the correct 2.
Cause of the bug:	On line 706 of domonion.c, the value of numActions of the current state increments by 4 instead of 2.

Additionally, there are AT LEAST three bugs that lie in the function of the Adventurer card. Two of them – 1. the played adventure card is kept in the hand without being discarded; 2. the program crashes when there are fewer than 2 treasure cards that can be drawn – have both originated from the instructor’s codes. My own codes also have these two bugs since they were cloned from the same GitHub repo. Besides, my teammate introduced another bug in the same function of his codes, which incremented the treasure card counter by 4 each time and made this erroneous function more complicated for inspection and testing.
